---
title: Installing .NET Framework 3.5 / 3.0 / 2.0 Error 0x800F0906
author: Chris Titus

date: 2013-07-01T19:23:04+00:00
url: /error-0x800f0906/
image: images/2013/07/net_top.webp
categories:
  - Windows
---
Recently I had error 0x800F0906 when doing a dot net framework update. <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2734782> Note: You could take this resolution further and push it out via network script if needed. Make sure to copy the Windows 8 DVD to a local network drive before attempting.<!--more-->

To resolve this problem, use one of the following methods, as appropriate for the error code that you are receiving.

### Error code: 0x800F0906

This error code occurs because the computer cannot download the required files from Windows Update.

This behavior can be caused by a system administrator who configures the computer to use Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) instead of the Microsoft Windows Update server for servicing. In this case, contact your system administrator and request that they enable the *Specify settings for optional component installation and component repair* Group Policy setting and configure the *Alternate source file path* value or select the *Contact Windows Update directly to download repair content instead of Windows Server Update Services (WSUS)* option.

### Configure Group Policy &#8211; Option 1

  * Start the Local Group Policy Editor or Group Policy Management Console. 
  * Expand *Computer Configuration*, expand *Administrative Templates*, and then select *System*. 
  * Open the *Specify settings for optional component installation and component repair* Group Policy setting, and then select *Enabled*. 

If you want to specify an alternative source file, in the *Alternate source file path* box, specify a fully qualified path of a shared folder that contains the contents of the sources\sxs folder from the installation media. Or, specify a WIM file. To specify a WIM file as an alternative source file location, add the prefix *WIM:* to the path, and then add the index of the image that you want to use in the WIM file as a suffix. The following are examples of values that you can specify:

  * Path of a shared folder: *<code>\server_name\share\Win8sxs</code>*
  * Path of a WIM file, in which 3 represents the index of the image in which the feature files are found: *<code>WIM: \server_name\share\install.wim:3</code>*

If it is applicable to do this, select the* Contact Windows Update directly to download repair content instead of Windows Server Update Services (WSUS)* check box.  
Tap or click* O*K.  
At an elevated command prompt, type the following command and then press Enter to apply the policy immediately:  
`gpupdate /force`

### Use DISM via PowerShell &#8211; Option 2

Insert the Windows 8 or Windows Server 2012 installation media.
  1. At an elevated command prompt, run the following command:
`Dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:NetFx3 /All /Source:Drive:sourcessxs /LimitAccess`
**Note** In this command, Drive is a placeholder for the drive letter for the DVD drive or for the Windows 8 installation media. For example, you run the following command:  
`Dism /online /enable-feature /featurename:NetFx3 /All /Source:D:sourcessxs /LimitAccess`

